did anyone not get it yeah but like I'd
include never no needles right cool
everyone good the United States is a
medical plantation anti-black
experimentation pathology pathology
zation has institutionalize await the
idea that black women are disposable and
unable to feel pain
this logic takes away four states and
murder of black women in both inside and
outside the healthcare industry black
women are dismisses psycho asthmatic
when they when they inject harmful
treatment any objection to this violence
is diagnosis drape de manic and expect
an expression of oppositional defiance
disorder that's Willoughby hidden in
heralds a teen violence by police
against Mike women is lethal silence
about the murders to have points a tiny
corporation the medical plantation into
everyday life meets and history
biomechanical rationalization the
medical plantation surveillance a black
people bodies is key these cases are
exemplary black women are disposable and
whatever injury it's done to them to you
has served some necessary and
legitimized part of gender sexual racial
social order black women are murdered as
sands investigation because the medical
plantation medical discrimination
scientific experimentation today and
medical Jim Crow predispose the US
population to a few black women assess
everything about objects of human
sympathy structural causes include myths
about black women as unbreakable
superhuman unable to feel pain all
reflect the black women have been deemed
objects for safe I love mythology it's
about the path about the black body in
pain and the black body in superhuman or
central to cultural norms about that
undergird racialized medical
discrimination in addition the
prospecting tearing up like
reproductivity discrimination against by
people was justified through the alleged
of through the legends of black culture
that was deemed pathologically non
heteronormative in non-human orbit if
the questions about the social will
remind me of ledge psychosis like
tryptamine draped Amenia the lauded
medical researcher sends me the
transnational Jon memmer immortalized in
this public sanctuary the medical
knowledge improve the quality of life
continues researcher medical
experimentation of racialized women lots
of all rights through mass incarceration
and the trip to mania has heard this
drape de mania as pervasive force in the
United States any attempt to challenge
systematic abuses of anti black
Society or dismisses crazed selfish
expressions of personal misfortune
that's Harry at 16
even though scientific evidence for
tryptamine II of us and eventually
debunked the idea that black resistances
mental illness ting still lingers many
people believe that the tenets of drift
a mania believe that black people don't
work hard enough are predisposed to
unwillingness that causes them to play
the race card and whine about unfairness
instead of focusing on education
liberals believe that race is not as
much of a problem as socio-economic
disparities lack of resources lack of
resources because black people are crazy
they suffer from tryptamine eeeh why
most black people frame everything
around race it's like they're consumed
with it every time you get into a
conversation about politics they I would
track the discussion to race in platanus
people who suffer from progressive drift
a mania equate race with every political
phenomenon whereas most white people
don't focus on race specifically
activism that for friends political
agenda a black community is treated as
pathological cut psychosis rather than
believing relieving structural
conditions why people are encouraged to
pull themselves up by their priests
Tourette's and commit themselves to the
political and social institutions in
order to cure their trip to medium
become fully functioning citizens that's
betrayal ncover 16th major culture
defines head to find such a racial order
by forming madness and that is located
in the minds of black people do you
legitimizing black artists by labeling
its expressions as idiocy is not new
white people attribute black resistance
of various forms such a range myth
stupidity and psychosis for their effort
to t legitimize its critique of white
supremacy the history pathologizing
black resistance has its roots in
slavery in New Orleans
physician had introduced draped Amenia
disease causing states don't wanna wait
tryptamine is curable kindness that's
keeping one's head keeping one's
property well-fed club you're proud you
feel enough to keep the enslaved warm at
night and so for us with the prescribing
antidote to the disease in the early
20th century black resistance was
described as a to see city of idiocy
terms such as idiot want emerges to
classify the unit those unfit for civic
like the diligent emaciation of my
protest was taken on display 1968 when
the eminent to psychiatrist dream a
diagnosis of protech psychosis of the
illness for the ill the illness is
oriented towards a CD an objection to
they accepted superiority of Y values
contemporary attempts to deal agenda my
slack practices idiocy reflects the
scientific discourse of pathology it has
been having in of Y critiques of black
roses and Kentucky's arguing that black
artists is grounded in the psychosis
it's pregnancy precisely what allows for
my people to sidestep the actual content
of black activists to me insane logics
after
many axe and tip how much black people
in academic spaces even to be any
attempt to move outside the boundaries
of normal behavior is met with either
fake niceties or outright hostilities
addressing this pathology station
requires exposing the terms of normalcy
that undergird expectation its of
students and accident academics that's
Powell ninety nine higher education has
helped to create a pathological myths
about african-americans the oppressors
having convinced himself that normalcy
of their pathological fiends have
fostered acquiescence among African
American students normalcy has always
been assumed by the oppressor as a given
in their minds normal as hell thank you
and identified themselves so if you not
fit the oppressors definition of normal
are considered abnormal death
pathological normal came to designate
conformity to be normals to be healthy
and defining us of pressure with the
oppressor said turn to higher education
normalizing enterprise just as
physicians pathologize to patient
educators are actively pathologizing
african-americans and higher education
defines
education has the other radial label the
oppressors reality as normal and us
legitimate while declaring the others
reality such as african-americans as
abnormal and that's illegitimate that
education refuses to recognize the
legitimate anger and frustration of
African Americans by labeling the
reaction says abnormal Thomas and slowly
have argued that the african-americans
anger is a sign of health not pathology
the oppressors mindset cannot grasp or
fully comprehend what is healthy about
the African American reaction to their
labels in order to survive the black
medium woman has led to the cultural
paranoia which every white man in women
is potential enemy unless they
personally find themselves that
differently and oppressors oppression
the oppressors and situations of higher
education are able to analyze their
unethical racist beliefs in defining
ways of defining normal and the legacy
of the plantation infiltrates the
university of sharks and the attack
likeness manifests itself through
process of forces that forces by people
to assimilate themselves to white values
and white methods of learning that
screen sixteen across schools across the
country students together are showing
the Andal implicit institutionalized
racism that creates emotional distance
between them and their white peers a
basic assimilationist offer that's
supposed to make two schools make to
black so you can be valued and rewarded
in school in society but you must first
Club master the culture Louis of the
American mainstream since that
mainstream as it is represented as
essentially Wayne this means that you
must give up any particulars of being
black value
priorities preferences at least in the
way that mainstream settings deploys
concerning the coin the term in the
concept of double consciousness whereas
whereby black people are essentially
forced to have two identities pressured
really can view themselves but both the
view of themselves that they're
perceived whether no my peers in
psychology can create a unique
circumstance where black students at a
psychology some researchers or you may
even lead to mental health problems
mental health problems that go unnoticed
and challenging institutional norms in
higher education is a prerequisite to
how that skill is fifteen the concept of
a chilly climate in higher education
context has been used to describe the
experimental perceptions of women and
people of color can represent a nice way
to say this is racism sexism happening
here but you have to tolerate it a
culture a cultural climate commute Chile
yet manageable sustainable and slightly
uncomfortable the concept contours
images of the acceptance a certain
levels of racism and sexism that in an
of itself represents a problematic it's
important to not to acclimate exit or
accept or to or accept a chilly climate
especially to chill represents racism
sexism and systemic oppression that
better social justice oriented
approaches to in rosettes analyzed work
and Jones for improvement at least the
practice and self-defense from that
uncomfortable cultural climate concepts
that addresses the sexist racist actions
I members of marginalized groups receive
perceived within their higher education
journey set concept over simplified
deeply troubling firstly harmful effects
effects experiments by some women and
people who cover the color in
environments that are skillful in the
art of maintaining this quo and but
affirmative to endorse epistemic
disobedience and debate and started and
faster seventeen here in his refusal to
play the game in there Tessa
anticipatory regime in order to enlarge
on the space for emergence of laboratory
alternative myths command of epistemic
disobedience this is not a skill that
can be learned through demonstrating
progress or against learning the
standardized learning it requires
unlearning what does precisely required
for inclusion in success in the system
adds epistemic disobedience as a
definitive protective being told from
the epistemic privileges as the zero
point about what we are in what we have
to do be recognized at such a and
efforts to confine black politics to
conformity with the conventional liberal
politics as a part of an agenda for
pathology sation that must be rejected
that's hasn't hooker seventeen Western
Armenia precip of you to have where
presuppose Universal Western fella
shooting race as an exception to the
normative black nor a black radical
tradition problematize that's the idea
was permittivity conception I think race
it's constitutive of the Epis um foster
normative cultural political and
educational activities by black
population have been deemed a
contaminate of the legitimization of us
democracy my protest movements draw
attention to the unfinished project
decolonization dehumanization of black
lies a common Western normative critique
is rage that it that is that black rage
it's got a productive and needs to be
disciplined that black politics points
to the futility after acting activism
torture regime pen another exclusion the
violation up lightness of poverty of the
political image imagination inhibited by
inclusion within existing structures
means the foreclosure or more radical
vision spikes epithets quo and rights
and a political possibility move beyond
the state as a frame for transmitted or
transformative discourse and
mobilization greed and bickering the
subversive practices of black culture to
hopefully be more romantic Ettore
transformative political match may see
such reforms a black political activism
toward the western states toward
safeguard it rights have been denied
limitations have been exploded by
exposed by protest of live movements
being political black activism straight
space to articulate man to troy
responsive activism
yeah so argument is basically the way
that debate is gone out throughout this
year and throughout the season has been
in relationship to a presumed normalcy
about what is what this debate should be
about we think that breaking those
things is important we think that
there's a pathologies agent well I mean
the protest of the app right so argument
is the pathologies ation of what it
counts as legitimate and what counters
the point of the app is that it's not up
to us to make a universal prescription
of what one ought to do our argument
disobedience I mean you could print us a
protest and you will so then you would
say that the rules of the game should
apply and leave it take that the rules
of the games or not so you can make this
you can make arguments you're saying we
just broke a new F we're not gonna give
you the case Megan cross X dude well I
mean I think that's what we were saying
is that the epistemic disobedience of
the f is significant I'm obviously being
spoken across X because in the one EC
but we do think that this is a
particular form that's particularly
important in debate when debaters are
good
counter plans people don't see our
arguments the question that I was asking
is basically like you have all this
offense about why it's bad to castings
illegitimate and then you just sort of
said like framework doesn't Cassie what
do you mean you just said look if you
defend the rules of the game that's not
perceived as normal in this flow I think
that there's an important portion of the
one EC which is the part where I said
the debates that have gone out
throughout the year I actually can't
preamp the one in CV but I didn't say
that we've debated a couple times this
year what is presumed normally oh yeah
well we can say that it is that we are
saying when it's pathologize in debate
at the port I don't even know the ports
what's not but anyways what's not normal
as well so we can say the fact that you
know the idea of what arguments I can
and cannot go for the idea of what teams
I should or show not coach the idea that
when we read certain arguments it's read
in a certain language our theory are
never really read as a theory argument
or hardly [__] ever affirms epistemic
disobedience an anthology that that puts
off legislation is sad I don't think
that this I think that you're not
understanding I'm at very basic pitch
because your arguments are very basic
bench so our argument is that the way
that you have and the larger community
itself has engaged in regards to black
people ignores that you have the right
to protest and that protest should not
be pathologizing
sentence or sentence - it's fine but
just you can keep saving again
while you went to get water but you
should go you should
to do the case to the case
it
you will yeah first atop cloudy nights
it's Federer car maybe three branches
OECD 87 United's federal public under
Mississippi Rachel icivics technician to
in traditional national health insurance
cards national means the financing
health care Wilson 80 national health
insurance collects distribution of funds
to register key frame expenditures for
health care bluffing activity tub
cavities a procedural constrains
necessary for a defective debate latest
or engagement breakable
this is serious research sensibility
negative ground even deploy policies
must focus for activism is crucial for
demo because granted to get starting an
academic work to impact first Pattabhi
post facto structurally favored ETF a
minute let me bounce preparations but
magnificus bay is a competitive game
that's meeting instead of some
significant straight second it's also
key to have well-prepared opponents they
transform debate boot monologue which
means the arguments are presumptively
false because they have midst indicative
world well recent scrutiny also deserves
Mac in his notification their model
created structural this incentive
dissertation research earlier DIF on the
back turn mechanism at the resolution of
the mischief their advocacy of the turns
both favorable to them which caused
Augmented MIT courses the negative
generics the margin of literature which
destroys goods close up next is the
critique low twenties and Majda
theorizing apply relation howdy de I
could give me a reflection investment
flow failure rooted a negative
conception of identity memorized of this
reactive all addictions repent
afflicting harm upon the oppressor with
no flu pay for collective liberation
that's brown a 95 in to politicize
entity reaction
I'm the reader tippet to subsea fraction
high power self-affirmation that creates
guys grab powerlessness trajectory atop
yourself a disease reaction to
substation norms and ethics / Jesus
created pedis we work he pain into
negative action time dimension area
ventures achieve through hipster
suffering accomplished through
heal through softness epic as virtue and
through casting statement good fortune
privileges its own independent
researcher by yourself becomes infested
at those subjects miss investment was it
this has River ventures haven't you seen
read not even 17 treats and
personalization one says that any that
percent stuff is self oppression appears
as the opposite pretty get behind
requiring sustain objection by hostile
world entity a chief moral superiority
by the reproaching car and after
themselves defaulted to become invested
Tony but it's well even well six to
eight something through eventual
moralizing through difference in power
such a put aside entity it's likely if
you don't have three unrealistic Olympus
he collected liberation through her
parents more like an appendage and
approach to define self affirming action
the affair does articulation unity races
politics fails to produce social
transformation your weapon is and
accusations of past movement failures
justification for refusing the
egalitarian promise of revolutionary
transformation that's read in 1780
racism is contemporary politics it's
work off really with the other bowls and
they're so slow step integrates the
music Marcus Baltics person tenant
dismiss position every so how are some
populations herself gets too much time
everybody great summit sex lube
plug for enclosing Christina shut up new
watch them commit me to take you certain
area different or it comes ready circle
mister presentation if you like a shoot
operation this foundation American
society
men or the offensive rivets will ascend
to victory superficial cannot address
ontological and accolade and equality
representing race miss ranch circle or
her Briscoe Sinestro condescension Lou
and Pierre Clark exclaims look like
across is this mr. snow the sexuality
first said he has more algorri people
good historical marks were Marla Canada
set from racism that other survivors to
study else has been maker to material
imperative the cross of westrom see
convertible with capitalist economic
programs the industry unionism social
which while co-defendants work like
events with the left would people think
if they were liberals and neoliberal so
many books do the cultural 30 perlier
black interns churn of working-class
programmatic Eritrean no parks Prussia
was organized with the trade unions
broadly in Memphis was the Sanitation
strike II but powers the class-based
material strata up that obscured they
significance of less than victories like
a party good that's team the absence of
full employment the many of the receipt
of socialism spectacles applications
were leadership all people with complete
erasure of the class input ball economic
attaches the affirmative rejection of
the specific details the political
engagement is not radical but continues
the prevailing would have left of
cynicism that eviscerates our ability to
continue a construct alternatives to
political domination that's program in
15 the left are rendered empty da ba da
because we were to see but because we
enact apathy of this matter something in
their search for a higher consciousness
or something to do pie there's a spin to
being good because there's a new
appearance they're just immensely just
live the truth when it's a good day
Congrats those up so I'm doing get
remain apathetic towards call for action
in rigorous manner person Menace you
subjectively treat ourselves into
politics here publicly banter so going
to are so small severe passive
reassuring or so fleece we know what's
really going on the cynical left Louise
there is dismiss a check them dip
direction about the degradable sand get
there a political should maintain lift
melancholy this the life persistent a
minor justification with failure
prejudging always just as a popular
radical expression has necessarily
flawed the version to being successful
for empathy for an out that take on
position and taking wrists real clinical
power the enmity reaction to idealism
sparking citizens the forever delaying
church over get for their Rihanna
authentic circle on their freedom on
unit indefinitely their basic frame for
politics weaken fares reconfirms the
failures of the left turning abatement
vampires counselor the propagation of
dick guilt in cycles of pseudo activity
ever come meaningful theorizing in
political change that's Fisher in 30
Bears guys officials they probably
killed her by his jersey threesome
sexism and row six of a far from my
Christmas joke toggles BC use a bushel
the bra preparation if the energy to
crop people back into launch atoll sits
in the ear mention of cloth straight as
if you want to show you a damn grid race
the separation of the price conscious
each field a few tone the energy of
vulnerabilities of suffering Crips
hitchhiker McKevitt on theory eclipse we
throw coaching practice the pay slips
refers to so there'd a close to me the
vc x MMX be a very a different reduce
skepticism or killed about a tea isn't
rule here to K to produce what
Parliament but now take your promo
change you to your tears of [__] to the
fade listen better not be tainted a
member either make sure that he's
configuration of capital by decomposing
with a moralizing individual's name is
Dante about popular as left us with
should remain in a position of moral
superiority left us not a class class in
discord can only be a liberal person
with the aim of our struggle districts
in the class structure we can strive to
engage universality we gently repealed
comradeship of slaughtered he said
capitals were a condemning an abusing
each of those other peppers go so
anything it's possible possible capital
some cuts of war violence environmental
structure nity politeness an extinction
that's Robertson and 14d gorges of
global crisis in front of accumulation
come take some stay Paris in one place
from the represents Christ for the
system he can't be those who else all
these ditches this is homogeneity close
to central agriculture that nobility of
buildings who survived this system its
master chief loss moments between the
magnitude five ounces i'm pressing to
compete res wars drones surplus
populations the only definitive economy
subject to control disruption prison
industrial complex is i'm time to
present policing notice the spread of w
these are ultra reticent surgeon
masculine station homophobia racism at
risk of mobilization to pay for century
fest enormous Grantland rice warfare and
social vows the alternative is to
theorize through communism instead which
contestable advocacy descriptive
accuracy of the one ec by returning to
the conceptual tools long central
american pop radical tradition that's
ferguson and then fifty just wasn't
markzware's integral parts of number
african-american street in closer I'm
their son Caden that Reber person David
McClendon materials here if it smells
Enoch tells you presumes there's a
reality independent of our culture's the
primacy material reality this reality is
no bubble ratified ontology press
relations closer to what yo conditioner
optimize their addictive character of
muckateers often exist intersectionality
major accommodation which everyone is
oppressed black working class must be
him the brought to the forefront
discarding analyst Cuban capital under
section I'll be there this got the
insured of the terminal row I'm the
class contradiction mediate reference
its medical historical information
versus models you hardly tend to the
fact that slavery colonialism and
imperialism Parton personal capital Sam
Russell your chicken yet with repairs
black cited to be grabbed and uniquely
formulated black arts record with that
the embracing ever flaws me me pleasure
believe in therapy declare won't give
birth to sin take your purse box is the
necessity Marxism o'clock city center
field easier glossy black working
built-in see the great railway strike
humor hammer could score sharecroppers
to farmers and agricultural laborers
reynolds tobacco well construction
Detroit and working class black women
who have fought but the attack invoke
services won't camp ok ISM gave birth to
do black working class the investment
slave trade him the man frankly I
believe I build of course Manish Michael
lay the foundation for Africa America -
close to work with us tonight
exclusively white mark two studies of
their blackboard class lever needed case
robust ng discrimination was coupon code
combined with universal access to health
care converts medical malpractice and
racial discrimination this bath you in
fifty two missile cover favors onslaught
hosting predict of interested lives in
my dresser clothes you can have some
effect on improving health disparities
he noted for me a future condition I
will have social norms
restitutions will people not training as
has been in force with you making
determinations dude on cultures racism
of equal chance of context incentives
and outcomes mean who care and New South
Australia's legal permission when
accomplish paramedic instruct will
change only go intervention will
generate a information signal fred is
the connection will be a logic resistor
elective signal be seated Martha have to
get single-payer is necessary not part
of establishing health system justice
universal health care diminishes wise
red Kristin come base disparities are
they they can't explain these sorts of
health outcomes that's caffeine 16d
government's failure to create a public
health system played a foundational role
in structuring health care and equity
inequalities by plus and rittany
qualities and criminal justice so far
here now be exposed to connection wise
within framework of healthy under our
consulate health any parties for years a
huge amount of resources gonna be never
covered the genders and health
disparities he receives new evidence
both social inequity Kuwaiti claudi's
the stripers racial inequalities in
specific inventions gonna get hit plus
devices this readout consider mr. spoken
so you'd like you mature too much I do
be the Baptist individuals the health
care system is critical step your health
care quality what true universal health
care do much to combat racial wealth
inequality if it were say nice to go
bare stuff a little bit out-of-pocket
expense of IT resources and even if if
your spices persistently
universes there might be a powerful tool
to introduce vibrationally qualities
multiple cities point to reduction
Aboriginal health inequalities for our
cups like Mars how do you no doubt
they're still descriptors but we can
assume their rise to work but a more
egalitarian health care system might go
further introducing them but will be or
are definite to decreased illustrate
resistance in the face of medical racism
turned truth amalya billion watts of
Medicine aunty blackness he's historical
examples to fit he imported to put the
busload a tactical engagement with
institutions to eliminate segregation
medical discrimination this will be
around 18 that I felt I kiss like
harbored miss longer still rights women
folks and a medical discrimination these
up that goes to test a challenge it's a
Christian 15% more like Magnus black
women's health research profession
reflex Tiffany look oh they're here
people would or could show to the way to
themselves and their memories academia
is not a singular model including this
makes makes negative aspects that
Neville makes it impossible engaging
target ethical resistance that's he you
know 13 academics need a clear
conception who or what they are
resisting not everything occurs in the
university liberal undesirable he
University cos to the complex has some
but the structure is always practices
something no play specific national
international is just that I can make
activists comply steps less the
adversity has historically contingent
incapable of transformation this brings
into field the potential for
alternatives the car electrician Mueller
both some say never go for sauce the
most money business this was just a
charge to be nuanced and direct in a
particular sector practice more values
rather than that the university also
hosted obvious implications for the
prospects of successful action enter for
agency desirable changes have taken
place we need these forms resistor that
we believe her ass about me for your new
look
you oppose every form of chief the
politics of academic refusal are
themselves a disaster they assume a
transformative potential from small
movements of resistors that simply do
not exist that's read 863 political acts
of every resistance it was all the rich
in cultural studies providers insisted
because interns movements emergently
continuum resisted they ought to be
considered an expression of politics
himself the protocol economy of academic
life including tougher question have
trended s in the atrophy of love and
courage I'm the flights into fantasy
entry protocol in turn for politics he
pursues eight interpreters economic
capital they pursue mobility political
actions they do any more than the
oppressive carbon water released of Homo
sapiens entrance of politics is
ubiquitous ed developing with Sir rare
and Washington it's a second third and
fifth was that
[Music]
party you talking about
thank you Andy Brown card Oh the Wendy
brown card so I don't actually think
that's the link to the brown evidence I
did say that's he made this whole thing
yeah yeah so the link to the brown
evidence is basically that the 1a sees
politics is akin to one of refusal or
sort of epistemic disobedience
disruption but it sort of gives up on
the institutional and programmatic
imagination of thinking of what a good
institution would be what a good set of
social norms would be to govern human
behavior and said the 1ac says let's
just sort of disrupt those norms and see
what happens so the vampires castle is
actually the control of academia by
capitalist vampires and so the Fischer
evidence relationship to the Wendy brown
card is to say that the problem with the
left is that they've given up on the
sort of practice of institutional
imagination in favour of sort of moments
of localized spectacular resistance and
there's a part of the brown card where
Wendy Brown talks about reworking our
politics into a negative form of action
the kind of imaginary revenge where we
explain what we are disrupting without
explaining what we build in the wake of
that disruption and Fischer talks about
that as a like in the example of
explaining why Parliament is doing
something bad but refusing to articulate
what Parliament is good
thank or we say what comes next is good
or bad we were saying that you should
also have a sort of programmatic vision
for how society should be organized and
it's very important for the left to
think about that we should proactively
negotiated we have presented what we
think that vision should be and that is
oriented towards communism
oh I don't know yet I haven't liked
taking a job or anything that is a
possibility it's one that I'm like
increasingly leaning against because of
what we're saying this year no but
because of the stuff that I read this
year the classes I've been taking and so
on have made me pretty hesitant about
that so I'm sort of leaning against
doing that
it's gonna be case framework than the
cap care there will be a short review on
the case
so we're good okay black protester
actively pathologized the medical
plantation to the theorization of
Transylvania aka an illness that may be
exclusively from captivity or prevalent
today and pathologies like Curtis as
illness was huge in my system
disincentivizes why produce the after
you punks epidemic disobediences
depolarization of peopie purchase me
from the choice of individuals to be
nonconformist this academic practice is
good and the way in with the way we love
you to make the ability for the
individuals to relate to the political
in whichever way they see fit only do
you prefer decision for instance is
necessary for every argument that they
made wasn't hooker evidence a Harvard
guess what single-payer good doesn't
answer every K F it doesn't compete with
our argument because working argument
isn't single-payer can't be good or that
health movement for better argument is
that the way in which being protest cute
conformist improving notions of politics
in the political in the status quo or
bad which is is the first three
arguments will be her art of and ensure
health activism good but the way in
which at a pulp activism goes down
shouldn't be pathologize are argued that
those activist have reasons for what
they're doing and those reasons make
sense to them and aren't you illness and
are bad though macadamia not a monolith
that's true which is why our epistemic
disobedient selves there are dominant
notions of the third our dominant
dominant epistemic notions that exist in
academia which is not disputed by their
evidence only of our academic you said
mediate said kind of fractures and
ruptures left a traditional med and Road
rules and order etc he's good the
refusal battery minutes not our usual
we're saying all people ought to refuse
but those who have those plots as they
think they should well are those should
be able to validating individual
rejection of conformity he's
independently get killed 14 you account
for in this we created might give me
discourses can emerge work individuals
when black communities I'm sure that
people challengers never saying no no
sir Rosalie just in the air bites
working
the hole will be attached Marc Leclerc
that's seen as such there were lights on
the interpretations of resolution nooks
mood academic practices with all
decision which I wish to marry her but
didn't talk about the fairness or
communites of pretense of neutrality
that masculine historic norms of
whiteness that overlap like people to be
excluded from debate for years that's a
powerful patterns no one HD debate is
unfair now for white people who guess
who with all decision the black debaters
is aggressive them down the trophy where
otherwise incorrect historic news
example when there are good missus
they'd use their nursing the fairness
2008 for a place what would you say to
somebody who's whatever an electrical
field reproducible trainers want to fire
the other one red smoke because white
people look good parents to use every
black everybody that does little thing
you office back here a nice miss your
courageous your bloody would be okay
who like parties incorporated into work
for 30 more every season especially
runway entitlement 'true the second
argument it is with alteration it
humanizes micrometers play assuming
they're always better than the is the
driving her diamond cities only
pathologizing image which was
the production of different week by the
appear on much this in the capital could
like with learner travel individual
imaginary we come to the end destructive
read evidence is actively with all
getting black protesters pneumatology
they State this capitalist movements
which means wheeling turn the whole at
me or their socks Jane seventeen a
spunky
mr. Jackman's head Republic seriously
engage with I didn't rate it will anyway
from a little Texans and my wife social
movements Michaels read go out of their
way to do single on intersectionality
indigent put me in a class Walter Kerr
putting their smile their I'm black
feminist intersectionalities Bluebird
looks a little bit black women this
denied engineering probably don't go
through the labor capital is one Cara
Lee like abalone academies commercialism
I didn't say there seems to be no need
to prosecute this go for war against a
poorly defined coop identity Rina some
specials one
the more important question you will
only continue down technical hoop in a
long long been organizing against
picture over here if you're lucky this
Rachel Rachel capitalism that tradition
can mobilize what appears there so
obviously working-class thanks without
these racial and gender something you
can't labor juggle with the Fischer
evidences them the debate the vampyre
castle wink is the wooden relief with
all decisions but the one issue the
metaphor says that [__] leftist you don't
like their look he's a marshal ravenous
bloodsuckers Fischer is a film critic
and the all trades just about Twitter
beef in the UK show of deal shows that
it's almost the after sugar he like
Twitter can they cannot be a miserable
just ran inspiring experience and opens
every one of these super super
paralyzing feeling suspicion hangs over
Q&A part movement that the here's
recourses Turk with all Jesus's take
lots of the tortured I might put them
together as mutual fear love video
formation the depression there's no
doubt reef we're playing Shaggy's the
postgraduate life social media means
there's little protection from the
psychic pathologies propagated by these
discourses which are all wide span from
there AB that actively apologizes the
affirmative the Ferguson evidence is
good most of pathologies like resistors
it reduces whites it is chicken applause
means success their inability to be good
comrades because the pleasurable and
therapeutic needs beautiful with
scientific accountability the ancestors
prescribe them okay but being an
embracing epidemic is convenience is key
to gloves capitalist Olympic no lemon
yellow watch what imperialism here are
qualified as people ever behind who need
to be wretches the butter in my mother
personal workout Marquis meets the
feeling from the illusion that this man
imagined once a category B DX 2014 minis
when he got that somebody's opinion
stresses cooking about annotations walks
every roasted bubbly gaming a little not
go very far me to that assertive
disobedient or the quarter
epidemic disobedience
yep Islamic disobedience sure the piece
of Hessen hooker evidence and the one
right before that in the 1ac say that
there are certain dominant
epistemological missions that are
circulating within academia that
actively pathologized blackness and our
refusal to engage in those particular
discourses and to break the rules of
that form of academia is it well the
well okay right the norm or yeah rule is
in normal so the norm we broke is that
we are refusal to pathologize blackness
in terms of black protests in terms of
drape to mania or idiopathic etcetera no
no it's a norm in academia but we think
that by selectively enforcing rules you
have actively pathologized the 1ac
which is an independent region well we
think that your enforcement of a
topicality requirement is not a neutral
kind of gesture towards the one who's
here
what well I select it might be the wrong
word arguing is that
no no because the social context of
those two things are extraordinarily
different it's not I hate to say this
but you're being extreme the reduction
it's not just like you we break the rule
you break the role or what what we
consider like what's the norm or what's
not the norm our argument that what
gives uniqueness the argument is
throughout the year the way that the
discussions around not only black
debaters but about black debate itself
in the relationship to the topic has
been pathologized the idea of the
perception throughout the years of I
mean last year's NDT champion what we
consider to be legitimate argument if I
go out and debate for well our argument
is that the 1ac is uh I guess in brought
to him a form of protest that kind of
protest is the social condition
whiteness within debate because we think
that the kind of context of didn't like
dominant discussions of the resolution
this year is the thing that provides
uniqueness to the importance of our
discussion
YG's times etc wouldn't telling
activists for example that you can
engage that you've decided for example
to show to debate if you decided to show
up debate you just had to keep the
speech sense being excited to break this
rule then your shitty activist and
should agree to all yeah no I'm just
saying like if you can select her
because it's what I decided to [__]
do because my name is no because I can
decide which things I think are good and
which things I decide I think are
[__] bad and the idea that I have to
talk like yeah it isn't that's the point
of the one who sees black people are
pathologized in this quo and forced to
engage in particular
did you get the canned stuff that I
could end up reading hey you know worse
I didn't I didn't get as you're here
well I
and this little beard but can you make
sure that the chat is from now on
whatever
thank you
is Michigan
it's
yeah my computer's being weird found it
ok you just hurt
the order is casing on the Cape
okay syndicate having good
giving black folks health care would
alleviate a lot of violence political
changes unpredictable the problem of
assigning prerequisites to doing
politics is that the barriers of
political activism never quite disappear
and it inevitably becomes a wave
rationalizing inactivity even if we
can't get rid of the idea the black
folks or crazy as the dominant rope with
until society it's so worth aligning
yourself with a political program the
material and Lee Bates and suffering but
black folks that arises from the lack of
resource access that is not true the
trope of Romania inevitably frustrates
movements for change for example the
will be hard evidence we're and the ones
he talks about George Simkins activism
and agitation in favor of the Supreme
Court case for hospital desegregation
the decreases death cap so I give you
black folks access to better funded
hospitals the affirmative by contracts
doesn't really solve anything of this
sort because it assumes the troubling
the coherence of something equates with
eternity with tearing it down that
simple disobedience brings about the set
of institutions that we ought to have we
all know the capitals and races exist on
a huge set of contradiction so the
question is how we ought to politically
oriented ourself so that we can take
advantage of those this needs a history
of Medicine is not just as one big
plantation there were moments of very
care and progress and regrets that
depend on particular institutional
backdrops white to be an odd to be
inside of institutional analysis in
which we can come together and formulate
particular political programs for
advancing the sink so when he sees
ultimately aligned against those
commitments in favor of epidemic
disruption yes the one EC could
technically belong something like
single-payer health care but our burgum
evidences what you should cross flag
here insistence and Neville II results
in an infinite deferral but politics
real we see yes technically it is
consistent with what we've said both if
we can never recognize those programs as
adequate or worth pursuing until we've
done the prerequisite our point is that
the 1dc does not break down the prereqs
that it still remains an operative
normal politics with the debt
prerequisite becomes an excuse for a
political inactivity the critique
cosmetic refusals of pragmatic state
based approaches for fighting racism are
mostly successful because they fulfill
my need to rationalize our investment in
the status quo they've advocated a
number of important political
commitments with the faith that a sort
of resistance will honor Destruction
alone will take care of the problem
which these pseudo active vision the
politics that only locks on the status
quo prefiguration is good and this is a
thesis claim that all these two AC cards
have missed they've basically searched
all of our authors within ten words of
the word pathology and found a secondary
article about it that is basically
conceded the thesis of most of these
cards of the central task of what ought
to be prefiguration the refusal but the
weddings need to take a stand on the
world we want the set of social norms
that we should have is not simply a
missed opportunity but the logical
result of the
politics which they defensive reaction
to instrumental control that basic
assumption about the failure of
political engagement
it creates self employing prophecies by
constraining the horizon of politics
which displaces radical world
transformative desires in favor of sort
of ineffective in feel-good tactics
which creates a perverse repetition that
inevitably invest us in failure as
political activists that leaves us
incapable for running truly egalitarian
social transformations it results in an
all-or-nothing politics and subjective
purity demands which undermines any
contingent or interim measures for
improving the world have locks in
capitals in which why you ought to
Center communism is a metric for
political change which involves for
deeper and political proposals to
Relenza through lens have axiomatic
commitment to equality that involves
prioritizing creating the creation of
certain kinds of subjects and social
establishments that are most capable of
fighting racial capitals and the impact
is ecological disaster perpetual we're
in global poverty all of us or
anti-black whether also external impacts
the one he sees not attempted to
theorize level or respond to class is
the only universal izybelle political
foundation that's adequate to the scale
of our impacts anything else extends
neoliberal social reproduction creates
perversity pattach insist of school
which buy only police's the boundary of
identity diffuses necessary solidarity
that also calls us to a more
anti-blackness deterrence respectability
politics which is based on a
fundamentally classist vision the
pacific life among aristocrats that
takes on a racial dimension through the
divide and conquer logic of capitalism
which creates investments in particular
racial identities in order to fracture
the working-class and prevent collective
proletarian resistance to the private
ownership of capital it also explains
the dropped and mania diagnosis with
twisted but way of rationalizing the
plantations distribution of power by
denying black folks access to humanity
the corrective is therefore to extend
that universal foundation subjectivity
by affirming that there is one world and
everybody does have the capacity to
think though here's the route Cobbs
evidence law in 15 history shows here
across their penalizing structure
excited about Panthers fight coppers in
the social graces except for individual
prejudices with the nature of capital
economic expectations were brutal the
never racism seems to chose by the stats
golf the world kind of biggest comedy
script with 70 percent of traded fear
directors including more buckle and not
take any anomic any differences a
permanent deeper to change will only be
seen by social transformation couples
when shapes all of us move the time
where your power born harbor get it the
capital [__] swing the power by training
different types of the word class
against each other is fighting
particular questions while beggar anyway
now storms is a thousand times more
effective criminal and races in the US
will require any couples in the united
different sections the working class II
have converted population left when
alone the social reason the alternative
solves the app center looks better
because capital since the fulcrum upon
which material disadvantages I just
come on which material disadvantages mal
distributed throughout the society for
example through over-policing food
deserts access in inability to access
good educational institutions in
healthcare the permutation they
shouldn't get one we win if we disprove
any part of one they seen on top glob
seven elevated responsibilities to
depend every claim because they're able
to choose exactly what they stay outside
the resolution there's no plain text the
whole app is a plain text affirms also
an Ag argument because the opened
includes the sort of analysis of the
structures of anti-black civil society
in the way that to particular tropes are
used to demonize their black people but
it arrives himself contingent political
acts of the wine he sees basically given
up on the burgum evidence about cynicism
should also be the cross flight here and
approves of permutation results in an
endless deferral political change the
brown evidence is not saying that we
ought to mind it's a mental disorder
they have but rather the capitalism
creates particular desires among people
and if we commit to a particular act of
its strategies bit or don't get outside
of those desires then we're sort of
condemned to repeat the failures of the
left in the status quo then this
argument is not saying that all black
politics is the same which is why most
of these linked arguments don't really
make the most of their link guardians to
our critique don't really make any sense
all black politics should not be treated
equal and on some level there are some
forms the black protests that are bad we
have to be able to engage with those and
it's not pathologize ation to say that
those are bad otherwise it would result
in a sort of conservative vision of
Sandpoint epistemology there are black
programs of protests and institutional
transformation that ought to be
critiqued for example ben Carson or the
tea party that's obviously not what the
1hd is literally saying but the mode of
politics it says anything is
pathologizing them if it disagrees is
obviously bad their card about rose
autumn on bean couple of pathological
doesn't really make that argument at all
and it's a classic example of them
searching Wendy Brown within ten words
within ten words of the word pathologize
it doesn't make a complete argument we
don't have to answer it until the 1-yard
flushes it out later they say
disobedience solves window detachments
ammonius evidence doesn't say that it's
defending a much more to me that's much
closer to the alternative which is the
concrete program of institutional
transformation they're a couple of link
arguments that distinguish the claim
from the alternative first refusal and
out the same as prefiguration it's the
opposite because it doesn't cause it any
goal place planner program that would
determine what the refusal becomes that
seeds the political and insures the
black interests will not be represented
in politics it is literally impossible
to conceive of how the apps project
makes sense once the norms that they're
trying to tear down are actually torn
down which is why the when he sees
politics is fundamentally reactive
instead you should affirm something that
is good on its own terms an egalitarian
and actually amount of commitment about
to communism the Jane
actually here's evidence for that last
link at proves they sustained capital
salute on seven established rabbinic
self-construction have a fundamental
robbing the attempted concert in the
basement gets up to herself to take from
the market to contradiction late market
submerge pixel Susan Broman or
destructive societies were locked in the
maintaining and increasing social Nepali
environmental degradation country
resource Wars a pollution potential
enemies of significance of discourse of
radical change becomes evident when
creating solutions had pulled into doubt
but when inclusion is important these
stimuli to below to be of a lot of
social ideal by performing the
alternative ages cope with self
referentiality discourses bride will
take pride in arena for the experience
of the authenticity of yalter the jane
evidence is wrong because we're not
generic philosophy grocery car by
adolphe read is far from what they're
critiquing which lie we'd also criticize
occupied for being racist the conflation
of movements is the weaponization of
past movements to reduce critiquing
their apt it's also not the identity
politics this card is defending jane
would also vote negative the first and
last paragraph with the article of the
slave chain seventeen its critique
come to a place of solidarity jackman
must be commended they can face answer
and girlfriend series critique social
that any successful political movement
gave you meaningfully with feminist
black struggle sing and you choose
connections to racist common sense
doesn't happen because we were
axiomatically committed to maybe Pilate
were axiomatically committed as well to
the intersections between race and class
between our movement is explicitly anti
racism that's prefigured into the
politics the Fischer evidence you're not
reading the same Fischer or the same
part of the official article as far as
their cherry-picking different lines
from Fischer's rant about the Twitter
left that is not Fischer saying that
black folks have mental disorders and
that's not how we are applying this is
the one AC either so this is no link
obviously we're not responsible for
everything that our authors have ever
said that's a totally untenable model of
debate that would that would be
problematic for the app to this blinks
the bit the one if she does this sort of
like critique of Fisher does link to the
Fisher evidence that we've read about
how the culture of linguistic call-outs
ultimately becomes the sort of
spectacular lies politics that occlude
structural analysis this works because
it winning capitalist academia these
particular narratives are encouraged to
be circulated because they displace any
brew structural analysis they can
actually threaten those institutions it
is the perfect model of bourgeois uplift
where you say oh you know Harvard read
this card and they should lose when the
rest of the sort of structural analysis
we're doing is the responsible one AC
they say the last argument is that f2
star becomes to be in solves that our
game intensive level of blue neuron
evidence if we go for tea we shouldn't
lose for their critiques of these cards
you have to weigh them against the
decides to the one AC and their visions
of debate and the intersection between
debate theory and politics topicality is
also just a prior question we're of
course forced to disagree with the one
EC especially when it's a new
ferm ative so we should be able to sort
of kick out of these arguments and test
them as well yeah we have to win that
it's not as bad as the vampires are the
couples who control academia Fisher goes
on a weird rant about white twitter
leftists who are critiquing communists
that is not you and we are not saying
the analogy is that active um yeah the
analogy is that academia is a vampire I
just mean to say that like if when when
is the threshold where you said
something violent and when do we get to
determine that you said something
violent or windy you get to read clear
like to what extent can you reclaim your
debate about those things and we should
talk about whether the require fication
is an accurate description of always
even if I don't win my apology I should
just still win that T was a procedural I
get to t-test some research it out
before I decide what I want to go for
next we don't think the Fisher evidence
is racist you're very good once you're
done apply to the one ECA
ability to explain great comedians this
was kind of like in the Q&C there is it
is before he gave just like profit
motive men people wanted to keep slaves
so they may nothing ceases when people
left yeah it's sort of a way of denying
humanity to slaves and therefore tonight
now instead of political and economic
rights sorry like personhood the set of
obligations that comes with interacting
with another person once that profit is
lost why is it necessary for instantly
we're saying that the history of racist
medical diagnosis of slaves was a
technique of capital - sure I get that
question which is why you should look at
the cell card we read which says the
capitalism literally creates racist
desires among people really create
basically it creates investments and
one's identity as a source already
refractor the probe sorry no I agree but
so it creates investments in those sort
of fixed identity structures the matrix
of identity upon which capitals and
distributes difference is a means of
fracturing of the working-class of
proletarian resistance and
so I will be talking about key
okay
is everyone good yeah great okay your
decision has to answer two questions
first what is the impact of having no
interpretation that limits the topic on
debate to the second what is the role of
debate in the first place only re impact
you suppose was supported by a plausible
theory tough debate in the first place
it's not good for making us loyal to any
particular content / political
organization or 403 or subjective debate
it's just a technique that doesn't
commit us to any single system of ethics
are active in strategy suppressive
conceptualizing and engaging argument
that's valuable for two reasons first is
competition if their interpretation can
reconcile with some sample 2000
competition you should vote negative
except if fundamental level debate is a
game and games are silly if they don't
have boundaries and one side can't win
change the topic post factor was also a
huge outside bias that matters because
the reason we spent so much time
preparing for traveling to debates is
because it has intrinsic infinitive
errors to make it seem worthwhile only
we have an account of strategy
competitive merit inevitably matters to
people in education and practice it's
not the end all be all because strategy
always asserts itself even if good
debate can happen under alternative
visions of the topics we take incentives
Jeunesse incentives are inevitable and
creates general norms that push the
afterwards obviously true results
because there's an incentive to revise
that anything contestable after you lose
to it it's better to channel those
towards an agreed upon stays that's why
both you improve the quality of
conversation to help us arrive at an
actionable strategies for resisting
oppression their choice to break and you
have in a debate where we're forced to
go negative proves that strategy always
fears its head it can't just be about
education or community building or any
other impact because their strategic
choice obvious oh but these other
concerns the second is researched
resolution elates focused research on
three certain specific points of
difference which encourage these teams
develop third and fourth mind responses
to arguments Esterhazy process makes
mates new and interesting that's more
exciting the judge and has a significant
pedagogical file I've been treating us
to think up through the other side
argumented rigorously better own
positions their interpretation explodes
limits and recurrences teams to research
interesting wining seats for the
affirmative an absolutist generics in
the negative that don't engage the
nuances and pushes to the margin to the
literature [__] turns their education
office to makes us we're scholars and
academics they do not have a counter
interpretation you should not allow
anyone in the one here because it
changes the way that we said shaped our
blocks turned just means they are
committed to a totally unlimited topic
that has absolutely no boundaries they
can create a newness at the beginning of
the debate what really benefits the
personal today sale repetition of the
same tactical situations in every two
hours also a reason non topical new apps
are floating usually because the top
possibilities are totally unfounded
none of our pre run preparation is
useful at all you should think of tea as
a critique of their refusal to open
their process to protest or a g2 testing
that shuts down all politics advocates
have
make assessment well political
trade-offs come to conclusions about
serious solutions the challenging
problems but about the entire framing of
the to stir that argues disagreement the
opposite for pathologies it makes any
disagreements about activist impossible
think about you think of yourself as
people at a meeting for a protest and if
you come to a protest where they're
showing up without any knowledge of what
that meeting will be about how can you
come to any sort of conclusion about
what that Pro can of protest would be
used to presume their method fails
unless it can be subjected to scrutiny
there's no internally to where the case
against topic OD table viously you
should the f is not a half impactor
top-down it does not make much sense you
should obviously vote for us if the
norms that we have presented are good
for debate and if we presented impacts
that outweigh any of the reasons any of
their impact turner argument up kadhi is
not an effort to silence people you
should think of it's a mess it is a
critique of their particular strategy
approach this disagreement is not
exclusion thinking up to be in this way
is incredibly violate because it means
that every decision you render is a form
of exclusion of people every time do you
disagree with somebody else's argument
you are excluding them or negating them
as an individual which is a totally
untenable form of debate it makes it
impossible for us to have any kind of
engagement in is that's impacted in here
every procedural fairness should be
preserved it's the only impact your pal
can so it's really weird used to be tick
correct structural unfairness makes made
a really violent activity because your
Baba becomes exclusively favorite friend
why because those people social location
who is more frivolous Dimitri their
model really pushes they totally
incoherent model a political decision
making the voters and evidence is wrong
about procedural fairness some game
playing it's not rooted in whiteness
that's uniquely true for debate it's not
an attempt to preserve structurally
unfair society but you must cases
because you cannot resolve that with
your ballots you should name three
procedurally balanced playing field
their vision of a puts everyone on a
privilege matrix and devolves into talk
for the less privileged Pearson that
forces messed up decisions about who
it's more or less oppressed that you
should not participate in if that's the
model decision-making then you should
make then you'd have to make assessments
but whether about how emails and I are
treated as Indian nation debaters call
that a shifty and disingenuous or closed
tomorrow minorities at his perception
the me up to Commodus found try to weigh
those implicit biases because this
necessarily involves a deep-fryer
doesn't get kind of racism against
someone else's kind of racism wins don't
really matter accomplished anything
meaningful redistributing winds towards
K you want to attain a remedy structural
unfairness but it will actively evacuate
any potential for radical
anti-capitalist organization in this
space or any kind of movement building
within this forum truth testing
arguments not without cessation debate
is a competitive game and there is they
needed to be skeptical of your
opponent's arguments otherwise any
disagreement it's impossible if you come
to the table just accepting your
that's presumptively true that it's
impossible to come to any conclusion
that bills third and fourth line
research or third and fourth line
argumentation on a particular question
topicality has not never liked the
thought station they can't explain why
we've reached avocado you gets like the
employer mandate for the public drug
insurance app which are not
pathologizing those affirmative just
we're just saying they're not part of
the limited vision of the topic is also
demonstrate fkd is a process of
negotiation where you can read different
interpretations but that means that we
both see the boats at both sides have a
seat at the table and have a process of
determining what kind of topic is best
for the bay but they have not read a
counter interpret so I'm not sure what
office they could go for on that
question now the topical version of the
FBI if we win it it means the F is an
offense against E it's not a violent
excluder an instantiation of ante
blackness which is the exclusions aren't
limited topic creates don't foreclose
radical thought we don't have to win
that they solve perfectly just
demonstrate that parts of the one EC
could be solved with diffusion for year
of debate with argument solve different
aspects of the case to varying degrees
near perfections are just negative grab
there are many strategies that black
folks can utilize to pursue epistemic
disobedience that challenges the norms
of the status quo the 1ac has presented
that one of the norms of the status quos
pathologizing black protest through trip
Dominion that their evidence
demonstrates that of race-based
disparities in health care already norm
that emerged from things like
privatizing health care systems were
filed legal structures that encourage
doctors to behave in a racist manner not
to hurt their patients a topical version
of the app that guarantees health care
for black folks
delivered by black doctors that will
disrupt that norm powerfully they can
teach into legal changes that we're
forced doctors into particular
particular interactions with patients
that can challenge the way that these
disparate impacts it'sit's now when the
efforts of das and critiques it make
framing argument the important of
epistemic disobedience is challenging
the norms of status quo healthcare
debaters debates are not still if we
keep talking about single-payer we had a
great debate against kayuu in the
prelims where we had an in-depth
discussion about the mechanism of
reimbursement for particular services
and it was a new and interesting debate
T is key to unfamiliar perspective
otherwise it is impossible for us to
disagree to have interesting 180s and
when it sees but no interesting
rebuttals as a TA PVA's not pathological
houses in the affirmative just an
alternative way to engage and protest
okay yeah
yeah if you could keep going through
that
I mean
all kinds of song
be card that I got
um yeah it'll be tasty and then the next
the affirmative doesn't rip t-midi has
shaped the medical plantation I've had
better shape the pinnacle plantation a
Pacific disobedience is necessary Hester
there Hester evidence as well as well as
the Powell evidence both shape the way
that we should understand epistemic
disobedience as a means to just identify
from existing norms in order to it
creativity to create a possibility of
accepting black any type of black
protested and wasn't without the need
without the need a pathology station
existed historically we can think about
in the context of be a lime in
relationship to Florida or the
relationship between black today and the
ability purple activators in order to
establish their argument we'll talk
about a couple seconds but the offenses
they read on the frame or hose I mean
the offense a read on syncope okay the
permutation obviously saw because the
affirmative says that health activism is
different for different people and that
people should be able to express their
desires for health activism in different
ways which is reason why P ulemas
pathologize in different ways than other
movements works healthy and this quote
here's just a few of the ways the top of
my mind that pathology station works in
debate reading machine parts regardless
of black person you to be calling you a
new scholarship arbiter intellectuals
and what teams are hired to coach which
arguments what arguments were expected
to go for the nature of our Evans the
idea of good debate decorum when to
juggle of jalisa right right in half
about twerking it was called never above
people called it Africa's missive wide
to play debaters telling black people
that they're being too loud the amount
of people who come up to me and claim
that my race ability and contrast to
other black people at the tournament
thinking you'll agree with in the
conversations that when I read about the
H rafter seem that never existed what is
considered a legitimate debate what is
breaking their game to be quite honest
the idea that I have to stay here now in
front of white minute on the panel and
likely thinking office is a reductionist
I hate this work Turner is buying it
knowing fulfill ski not buy it might not
be a team in this argument is who's
gonna find our argument reductionist
with I'm listening to me etc help I got
the Copeland but I can only imagine what
white people in the room are thinking
wow these are given to someone new loans
and based on Wow Harvard is going to
keep cramp them all of our arguments
about what do they are the ideas it
debate being pathologizing
the idea is it possible that we read
this argument to point out how
reductionist he mints arguments are in
average
Quincy into an argument against Blacks
people quite possibly we can respond
what we want to read and when we want to
read it in the negative has demonstrated
why the one they see in our from a
protesting is necessary in her picture
because I highlight some of the things
assumed about to be that we don't think
it's good offense on both flows applies
to the others because they perform
pathology station can't reconcile the
links we have to the rhetoric on
capitalism in here Co for the critique
without this why because we've got won't
eat the way that their pathology station
attempted to script black activism
okay so I'm petite the apartment is a
flight from the resolution taking refuge
from the Masters or the city itself Oh
blackness Harvard's entire strategy
relies on the pathology station the
whiteness and propagate served Amenia
their appeals to predictability as an
attempt to make soy sauce I'll in order
to parse enforce punishment based on
arbitrary terms of presentation
inquiries the day pathologist in the one
EC in several ways first is disagreement
might not be a solution but weaponizing
furious is exclusion their reliance on
enforcing the resolution to to an
academic participant the legislation
which outweighs any counter
interpretation explicit black women and
say that I can only speak in the manner
which is primarily white community they
picked the topic told me to speak it as
an effort to punish me because it is non
conforming to white norms that you I
forgive it the new have argument is
blatant pathology station every time
they read and you play attacks against
test they don't disclose in and that's
fine but as soon as black debater tries
to read a new app it's immediately
unfair and about a voting issue you
reject them for the sake of argument the
fairness argument fairness is a pretense
of neutrality to be disturbed can no
arms of white instead of excluded black
people for the years of older students
as a black people try and TV from norms
of institutional to be are immediately
pathologize sesame tinta penis my penis
a space and maintains whiteness II and
those pathologies debate is unfair near
black people or because of pathology
station placard debaters is aggressive
in unintelligible means we have to work
twice as hard as other debaters together
despair when I think I explained that on
case major truth testing argaman is
pathology see any fertilizes wax beans
right assuming there are given trapezium
false unless they are in line with the
topic the a physical or via took mine is
half literature they're choosing to
engage it is not a choice is a choice my
consequence of the a traditional
qualities with new planner advantage are
not formalized in the same way the black
community so they need to Ted that they
need to test a black flash indicative at
the medical plantation will be hard
evidence
the contraction of the current hit Tilos
of politics relies on black flesh in the
medical notation unpredictability is get
the overwhelmingly what about the
overwhelming majority debates on this
topic amp in the single-payer versus a
condo some kaplan states got a plan
which is beyond see I'm an extremely
limited
so I sell the literature based on health
insurance entity concerns case they
gonna meet or come into my way epistemic
disobedience failed or counter theory of
trip to media we didn't force you to
calls me a pirate or Cheetos they're
they're called they did their call but
there are other things that you could
say their oppression Olympics argument
doesn't come too close to you through
their arguments in his lately offensive
for me because tomorrow argument isn't
both affirmative because I'm black we've
a method of gene legitimizing protests
go to the camp over the TVA
it's telling bad telling us protesters
good but you're doing the wrong path out
of that's pathology station that's a
pala what's evidencing appeared to be
what if I discussions about trip Domini
because the state to buy already when
they're go to firm people up the Afghan
prescribes a mode of politics and said
nobody could engage in politics with a
nobody should engage in anti cameras
movements all says what said
pathologizing alternative move to her
assistance is that that means that the
permutation sells better than the odds
of low nutrient evidence says it the
checker Benson I lack a K the negative
the table choices identity politics is
being irrational des Toombs the
alternative alone means that norms
evolutions necessary they demotivate
activists for a return home to
demotivate activists who engage in India
tigresses politics now which means that
their movements do become way anti red
white and recess yes a gene kurnitz from
a place of solitary which is our
argument that solidarity has to come
from a place that allows for variety
approaches of politics with this words
with the apathy we get a permutation we
have an offensive it not have a not
being T they have to prepare perpetrates
away the absence of paper be an argument
because of your race with the ad purpose
and integrity macness agrees with the
other group cause a total control room
cause there's a fundamental relationship
between black women in the political
they cap incessant allowed test
availability in powwows and in society
it operates uniquely for a man to claim
is that whether the Fisher evidence they
should lose for saying that the entire
castling pages are absolutely
pathologizing they call [__]
parasites you steal this is the life
remark says he don't get takes these
Maxie's because it our argument is the
attachment to that rhetoric is what
justifies a current context of the life
the Cohen evidence that kind of the
Danish about don't oh yeah they didn't
get to the death of the top of mind of
dis identification is Geller the mantra
extended the car got the Bergen evidence
says that either the S epidemics
deserving
I think
yeah
yes
and
[Music]
okay the order is T decay and then the
cooks
okay good cool top Calvin's a good
recruiter because it maintains this
agreement which is important for
strategizing against both any type of
octaves in capital aim for maintaining a
competitive value to be at the office of
doors the model to be able to no limits
with no counter interpretation we're
team students just say whatever they
want the one EC to stop debate however
they want but are never compelled to
take out a risky position on how the
world should be different there are two
impacts that first research into the new
apps scratches an egg there about a
tooth and leave us with no world the
debate channeling depended incentives
into third and fourth line testing of
strategies for making it world better
who finds our scholarships activist and
trains us to understand the
institutional backdrop for our society
so that we can either combat or improve
it whatever your orientations towards
institutional politics it helps to know
those details with that knowledge very
decent intrinsic good the 1hz basically
gives up on the big potentials of
research it's a research community
that's mobilized in favor of progressive
institutional transformations
constraining yourself within the limited
topic takes on some risk of being wrong
but we can use that to cultivate a
better understanding of the world no
matter what activist strategy you choose
for yourself all of our single your good
arguments are offense for this it's not
a panacea but it would meaningfully
improve the lives of millions of black
people that's a larger interval into the
psychic suffering impacts with one hcv
the best way to bring down about us
through a research community that's
consistently interested in advocating
and defending at the second attack this
competition which is its own impact
because debate is mostly about
competitive merit and clip Laden commits
Falls and they become less fair it's not
good for anybody to evacuate a lot of
value from the activity competitive
through the incentives turn any app
education offense we can save conceded
that strategy always recent if I hadn't
closed the sort of arguments we choose
to read what does it accomplish at the
debate unity where every round people
get up and announce me they're
disrupting the space in a different way
how would anybody learn anything about
that most of their arguments have rolled
for speech but NACA contestation
destruction does not solve anything
unless it has an alternative index a
flawed theory of political change the
new possibilities sort of automatically
open up once we transgress the norm
transmission norms oftentimes only
uphold the legitimacy of those norms
just asked if topicality was not a
Norman to mate with the one who sees
political project even makes sense
if not the one he sees a political dead
end the campaign lead to emancipation
this is a brown argument on the cap kit
that they basically conceded the topic
aversion the app sells most of their
office because you could do health care
for black people by black people that is
obviously an act of black protest but it
disrupts the traditional norm of civil
society that prevents folks are making
radical demands on behalf of their race
in favor of colorblindness you could
disrupt debate norms of impact over
causality I'm just that's missing this
particular policy of the government
taxing
the us the finance black healthcare for
black people would let you critique DISA
and say the black you should always be
prioritized so you could defend as a
flight from traditional norms of waiting
impacts for young well I took slots most
of their arguments about why disruption
is good while still leading the next
number all the conversation they see
predictability punishment that's not
true Keith it's not punishment is to
critique if the one who sees refusal to
be tested it's a disagreement about how
debate should be structured in the
relationship between debate theory
pullet but in politics the weaponizing
fairness argument pyramid of fairness is
an important sort of value to maintain
otherwise there's no protection against
the domination of minority groups
fairness in this context is also good
for black debaters nobody would learn
anything if you could just get up and
say whatever you want ultimately results
in interesting one a C's but sort of
stale and repetitive to an arson to
errors that evacuate a lot of value out
of the activity for everybody this means
the fairness to me that's not just
fairness get bad in the abstract but how
does it work in this context applied to
this norm what is it about topicality
that's specifically big foods black
debaters and they're very light on all
that in the one er they say that we're
tanning sounds black women that's not
true the topic aversion DF disproves
that and also babe it's not correct
because we were just proposing a
disagreement with the one AC in the one
each across six they said rules good its
offensive in system it's not an attempt
to silence you but rather attempt to
negotiate around that critique of the
rules they see the new plans or
pathologize ation that's not true we
make new ass bad arguments against
everybody we usually sort of give up on
it because it's a silly argument and
we'll also do that against you they say
the fairness but pretense of neutrality
doesn't require perfect objectivity but
less fairness is regressive in the
particularly in the context of debate
where the less well resourced debaters
will have a harder time keeping up with
all these new firms this decrease
testing is pathology that's not true and
this leaves no role for disagreement if
we can't test the one you see strategy
we end up locking ourselves into a bunch
of really counterproductive political
inclusions there are forms of black
protests that are bad and we need to be
able to critique those for example the
black neoliberal is an example from the
to MC this is why you should start with
skepticism for all organs you should not
selectively apply that to black folks we
haven't done that either they should we
don't criminalize new policy apps that's
answer but pub unpredictability is not
good because results in more still
debates likes flames above they say the
topic aversion DF is them tell it is us
telling them how to protest not all firm
soukra tests are good so we should
actually debate about which forms of
protests are more or less effective
single-payer does do single peter does
solve this sort of trapped in mania
education arguments because you could
make an argument on how we should plan
in black doctors for black people and
say that's a sort of flight from the
medical system you could also read this
day on the negatives to critique if in
many of the operative norms of liberal
politics of the one e-series the
corruption Olympics Sgt we're not saying
the are oppression Olympics we're
instead saying you should try to render
a subjective or fair decision as
possible and avoid weaponizing those
things against them as well
we're not going through the alternative
Dave drop the blue door an argument that
the sort of spectacle of disruption in
the one ec is not an effective way for
persisting racing in care or capitals
when in fact it compounds the two of
them because it is divorced from a
vision for institutional transformation
which means only the topic about version
DF could solve it is a simulation of
agency in little sort of cordoned off
spaces like this that allow capitalism
to sustain itself otherwise becomes too
grinding to be sustainable though
permutation argument saved made proves
it's not offensive to require them to
talk on a particular political agenda to
1:37 the 1mc so they can't win any other
often son to you the Fisher argument
they've dropped basically all of our
answers to this argument it is a random
ramp that Fisher gave about white
twitter leftist it's not in the evidence
we read in the one in C and we are not
saying that that is what the app is so
even Fisher wouldn't say that's what the
athletes he's critiquing a totally
different demographic of people they've
also cut it in a really weird way to
include single words from different
paragraphs and construct a straw person
but what he's saying first a depressive
stupor thing is him talking about its
own depression second though dark
pathologies and psychological torture is
the reference to elites who control I
could give me a third is the libidinal
foundations of neo anarchism he's saying
post-grad life induces anxiety based on
his own experience that's not
pathologizing black folks the phrase
ravenous bloodsuckers doesn't appear
anywhere in the carnet segment
capitalist academics the case page most
of this is answered on - you should not
accept any sort of black protest on face
we should have debates about which
storms are more or less effective racism
and debate is not tied to topicality you
shouldn't do the things the queue is
saying you're bad because they obviously
are bad but Sonny negative you can think
of that as a pick that challenges those
things is low I mean and well
continually maintaining the norm of T to
focus our discussions on things you can
improve the world yeah
[Applause]
it's gonna be the critique and then the
case and then tea
so we're good I think it's really easy
to hang your hat on the vampires castle
argument the two in our is really good
on all the shiny objects that she way
she for Al from the parts of their card
not applicable to the output didn't
answer the argument we made about them
calling us vampires that psycho I've had
a Marxist that these were platformer
with our eventual purchase that is a
direct link if their argument all their
arguments in the tag of the 1mc card
about guilt and trauma meaning that who
are bad former protests that takes the
life out of the cured Marxist protest
etcetera are all the floors of
pathologies Asians they performed in
this debate that conceded the Cohen
evidence from let's you AC on the case
that says the individual who resistance
to who forms of frivolous with all
education is the only impact that your
ballot actually has the any sort of
meeting on because there were in ran
psychological health impacts that you
explicitly extended in the one a art
that they have not insured in as a
reason why although they turn to all
they're kind of cheese new trophy yet
sarah arguments women gardeners know how
their tropic LD argument itself is
mythologizing but their card is
literally meant to say and tag to say
that they think black produces guilt
brothers is guilty thank you what regul
provocation in this you know meeting
that made up ideas that we do something
you murdered make ourselves feel radical
the thesis of this car game as much as I
suggested in sentence but thinking
meanings when creating political
thinking that it matters which used to
be whining irrational which is the
entire one AC about the way in which
positive approaches itself to these
mythologize and episode Jason isn't
neutral but has to be read in the
context of the medical plantation
tryptamine etcetera it takes the
vitality out of the movement it shows
whatever research model is directed to
you all answer there kind of Laura cured
she urges the me on the K before I go to
the case the blue horror given just
picture brother Cal anemones which
anything extended above but it also it's
just wrong I've read this card a
thousand times in its so Jensen nonsense
I don't understand the Jain evidence is
much better than solidarity has to be
informed through individual course I can
be false except rely on common goals but
differentiating ground witches
what the f does in the entirety of the
permutations of a conceited this also
helping turn to older see we are good
and actively activism good arguments cuz
ever only projection of pathology leads
to successful movements which was a
dropped argument and the terminal
identity they live for is that we become
better single pair of gets up only we
solve the case they're super like here
Finn the human are so I don't have to do
a whole lot black robe misread exactly
pathologist the medical education of the
relation of trip dominion illness qm8
sleepily captivity or prevalent today of
pathologist protesters illness the
affirmative need the firm's epistemic
disobediences which is a form of people
all would be G pathologies issue for you
but protesters is effective we've read
these this several pieces of evidence
but most important lesson you one that
comes right after the advocacy statement
when I see this is the epidemic
disobedience is a way to rupture fear
nor that exists in the read therapy
argument about racism in there may not
be attractive the topic LD is wrong we
have made a huge uniqueness arguments of
fairness for like two minutes of the one
a are that they can fluently disregard
as being unrelated or argument is that
fairness is not neutral in the way that
you constitute it can't be neatly
divided each other procedural and
structure about the way in which this
you kind of interact in the confines of
a single debate always as weaponize
against black debaters because their
pathologist is being aggressive is being
aggressive or not knowing about the
topic etcetera which is all the whitney
of examples cute games that i think
don't have to go through they're
obviously related G because what's her
real exact they're going for Sanders but
they've not what our uniqueness argument
about the Sanders no debate being fair
now Yoda Java County it is a form of
pathologies Asia in the absence of life
from the resolution taking refuge from
the messer the literal city of some
black is coverage entire strategy rocky
web with autism plugins the replication
of Khomeini of a therapy but he'll the
predictability and setters doesn't have
to make the lives docile and be enforced
punishment based on arbitrary standard
which is the whole thing why don't you
have it another way the trip to mania
supply to ena academia now which i think
is the power card but I'm not totally
sure the research argument truth testing
is a form of pathology eight days of the
floor mythology a criminologist black
debaters the whole thesis of their
arguments just like it we've you who are
prepared to debate it because we're bad
at research Dunphy you should resume the
app is false well that's obviously wrong
energy but boy from now these that
doesn't get it to nothing
well thirty debates nothing bargain is
that we're good at research because I
his we kind of make is obviously true
and Brewster our model research is
probably good or let's see
they're good stuff I believe I've been
journaling on food the capitalism K they
extended into the strategy focus colors
all arguments with our argument is that
that strategy focus can't be divorced
from a general contract second I talked
about on the kitchen table that is
similar case the way in which shred is
having the attitude then having debates
about epistemic disobedience are
possible thinking criticizes methodology
of epistemic disobedience we were having
a pretty okay cap K debate with you the
kind of blue corn links etc but the
program link of endless refusal they
didn't go for that argument so I don't
think that I have to answer it in this
speech the show that the episode Kenan
politics were not just topicality bad
the effort would obviously have meaning
Absa Absa ton or view requirement is an
argument about the way in which
scholarship surrounding any child exists
as a form of Mythology that is based in
a medical condition will be heard
evidence the super new super good and
really really impactful here the biz
room not just
topicality bet the single-payer TV a
lady drop to form content distinction
the paddle of the Japanese says that
their idea that they can just tell us
that the throw classes all right and you
can purchase for a single pair but the
way you're doing it is wrong it's
exactly the kind of [__] that kaepernick
every deal through the pathologist norm
approach deceptive this independently
better we've heard a piece of evidence
and they he's heavy theater searches the
fairness argument is weaponized in this
context which gives this kind of the
whole uniqueness debate I did a book the
idea that it's a good and a general
strategy to have doesn't necessarily it
doesn't disprove the will ocean every
for the latest weapon is against black
and brown and brown bodies order always
focus today see what kind of
institutional reform is and that doesn't
mean it's useful work you are always bad
but it does mean that you always folks
you commit to their up with all changes
purpose that people who don't they don't
think they can get they engage the bank
person example he's wrong our argument
is not that black people are immune from
criticism because we obviously entered
in the debate was an idea who's there
should be some sort of roses with a
negative that's the idea but they're
dominant notions that they kind of flood
the Academy that lurking the dominant
men the modalities of knowledge them and
it have to be contested ben Carson
obviously is one of the people who
scratches SMN without he's working on
the work his defense single-payer only
chopper Turkey the cuber boring and
having flexibility this obviously gives
a stating he kind of a king of mistakes
and he convinced her key but it kind of
stealing the a provides nothing wrong
reform education
the topic to be super clear saying he
went for a pick in another debate makes
this week and this protest is not needed
shows that there pathologizing us they
perform pathology in this debate they've
not said the absence of an idea Kansas
in the finals of the NDG
[Applause]